src/DesktopVirtualization/docs/Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.DesktopVirtualization
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.desktopvirtualization/get-azwvdhostpoolregistrationtoken
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken

## SYNOPSIS
Registration token of the host pool.

## SYNTAX

### Retrieve (Default)
```
Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken -HostPoolName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### RetrieveViaIdentity
```
Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken -InputObject <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Registration token of the host pool.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get Windows Virtual Desktop registration token information by HostPoolName
```powershell
Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroupName -HostPoolName HostPoolName
```

```output
ExpirationTime       RegistrationTokenOperation Token
--------------       -------------------------- -----
4/1/2020 10:19:33 PM None                       eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IkMyRjU1RUYxNzg0MEFCNzkzMDk2RUYzRjdEMkNBRDk0NThGNDhEOTQiLCJ0eXAiOiJKV1QifQ.eyJSZWdpc3RyYXRpb25JZCI6IjU5NGJjZWUwLTk5MjQtNDg3ZC1iOW...
```

This command gets Windows Virtual Desktop registration token information from a HostPool.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HostPoolName
The name of the host pool within the specified resource group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Retrieve
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity
Parameter Sets: RetrieveViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Retrieve
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: Retrieve
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.Api202209.IRegistrationInfo

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[ApplicationGroupName <String>]`: The name of the application group
  - `[ApplicationName <String>]`: The name of the application within the specified application group
  - `[DesktopName <String>]`: The name of the desktop within the specified desktop group
  - `[HostPoolName <String>]`: The name of the host pool within the specified resource group
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[MsixPackageFullName <String>]`: The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ScalingPlanName <String>]`: The name of the scaling plan.
  - `[ScalingPlanScheduleName <String>]`: The name of the ScalingPlanSchedule
  - `[SessionHostName <String>]`: The name of the session host within the specified host pool
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[UserSessionId <String>]`: The name of the user session within the specified session host
  - `[WorkspaceName <String>]`: The name of the workspace

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Add custom powershell and commands for app attach

src/DesktopVirtualization/docs/Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.DesktopVirtualization
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.desktopvirtualization/get-azwvdhostpoolregistrationtoken
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken

## SYNOPSIS
Registration token of the host pool.

## SYNTAX

### Retrieve (Default)
```
Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken -HostPoolName <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String[]>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### RetrieveViaIdentity
```
Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken -InputObject <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity> [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>]
 [-Confirm] [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Registration token of the host pool.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get Windows Virtual Desktop registration token information by HostPoolName
```powershell
Get-AzWvdHostPoolRegistrationToken -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroupName -HostPoolName HostPoolName
```

```output
ExpirationTime       RegistrationTokenOperation Token
--------------       -------------------------- -----
4/1/2020 10:19:33 PM None                       eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IkMyRjU1RUYxNzg0MEFCNzkzMDk2RUYzRjdEMkNBRDk0NThGNDhEOTQiLCJ0eXAiOiJKV1QifQ.eyJSZWdpc3RyYXRpb25JZCI6IjU5NGJjZWUwLTk5MjQtNDg3ZC1iOW...
```

This command gets Windows Virtual Desktop registration token information from a HostPool.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -HostPoolName
The name of the host pool within the specified resource group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Retrieve
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity
Parameter Sets: RetrieveViaIdentity
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: Retrieve
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: Retrieve
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.Api20220901Privatepreview.IRegistrationInfo

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[AppAttachPackageName <String>]`: The name of the App Attach package arm object
  - `[ApplicationGroupName <String>]`: The name of the application group
  - `[ApplicationName <String>]`: The name of the application within the specified application group
  - `[DesktopName <String>]`: The name of the desktop within the specified desktop group
  - `[HostPoolName <String>]`: The name of the host pool within the specified resource group
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[MsixPackageFullName <String>]`: The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool
  - `[PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the private endpoint connection associated with the Azure resource
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ScalingPlanName <String>]`: The name of the scaling plan.
  - `[ScalingPlanScheduleName <String>]`: The name of the ScalingPlanSchedule
  - `[SessionHostName <String>]`: The name of the session host within the specified host pool
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[UserSessionId <String>]`: The name of the user session within the specified session host
  - `[WorkspaceName <String>]`: The name of the workspace

## RELATED LINKS
