src/DesktopVirtualization/docs/Update-AzWvdApplication.md, before:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.DesktopVirtualization
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.desktopvirtualization/update-azwvdapplication
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzWvdApplication

## SYNOPSIS
Update an application.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzWvdApplication -GroupName <String> -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-ApplicationType <RemoteApplicationType>] [-CommandLineArgument <String>]
 [-CommandLineSetting <CommandLineSetting>] [-Description <String>] [-FilePath <String>]
 [-FriendlyName <String>] [-IconIndex <Int32>] [-IconPath <String>] [-MsixPackageApplicationId <String>]
 [-MsixPackageFamilyName <String>] [-ShowInPortal] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzWvdApplication -InputObject <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>
 [-ApplicationType <RemoteApplicationType>] [-CommandLineArgument <String>]
 [-CommandLineSetting <CommandLineSetting>] [-Description <String>] [-FilePath <String>]
 [-FriendlyName <String>] [-IconIndex <Int32>] [-IconPath <String>] [-MsixPackageApplicationId <String>]
 [-MsixPackageFamilyName <String>] [-ShowInPortal] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Update an application.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update a Windows Virtual Desktop Application
```powershell
Update-AzWvdApplication -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroupName `
                             -GroupName ApplicationGroupName `
                             -Name ApplicationName `
                             -FilePath 'C:\windows\system32\mspaint.exe' `
                             -FriendlyName 'Friendly name' `
                             -Description 'Description' `
                             -IconIndex 0 `
                             -IconPath 'C:\windows\system32\mspaint.exe' `
                             -CommandLineSetting 'Allow' `
                             -ShowInPortal:$true
```

```output
Name                                 Type
----                                 ----
ApplicationGroupName/ApplicationName Microsoft.DesktopVirtualization/applicationgroups/applications
```

This command updates a Windows Virtual Desktop Application in an applicaton Group.

## PARAMETERS

### -ApplicationType
Resource Type of Application.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Support.RemoteApplicationType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CommandLineArgument
Command Line Arguments for Application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CommandLineSetting
Specifies whether this published application can be launched with command line arguments provided by the client, command line arguments specified at publish time, or no command line arguments at all.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Support.CommandLineSetting
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The DefaultProfile parameter is not functional.
Use the SubscriptionId parameter when available if executing the cmdlet against a different subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description
Description of Application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FilePath
Specifies a path for the executable file for the application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FriendlyName
Friendly name of Application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -GroupName
The name of the application group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: ApplicationGroupName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IconIndex
Index of the icon.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IconPath
Path to icon.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MsixPackageApplicationId
Specifies the package application Id for MSIX applications

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MsixPackageFamilyName
Specifies the package family name for MSIX applications

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the application within the specified application group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: ApplicationName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ShowInPortal
Specifies whether to show the RemoteApp program in the RD Web Access server.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
tags to be updated

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.Api202209.IApplication

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


`INPUTOBJECT <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>`: Identity Parameter
  - `[ApplicationGroupName <String>]`: The name of the application group
  - `[ApplicationName <String>]`: The name of the application within the specified application group
  - `[DesktopName <String>]`: The name of the desktop within the specified desktop group
  - `[HostPoolName <String>]`: The name of the host pool within the specified resource group
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[MsixPackageFullName <String>]`: The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ScalingPlanName <String>]`: The name of the scaling plan.
  - `[ScalingPlanScheduleName <String>]`: The name of the ScalingPlanSchedule
  - `[SessionHostName <String>]`: The name of the session host within the specified host pool
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[UserSessionId <String>]`: The name of the user session within the specified session host
  - `[WorkspaceName <String>]`: The name of the workspace

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Add custom powershell and commands for app attach

src/DesktopVirtualization/docs/Update-AzWvdApplication.md, after:

---
external help file:
Module Name: Az.DesktopVirtualization
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.desktopvirtualization/update-azwvdapplication
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Update-AzWvdApplication

## SYNOPSIS
Update an application.

## SYNTAX

### UpdateExpanded (Default)
```
Update-AzWvdApplication -GroupName <String> -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String>
 [-SubscriptionId <String>] [-ApplicationType <RemoteApplicationType>] [-CommandLineArgument <String>]
 [-CommandLineSetting <CommandLineSetting>] [-Description <String>] [-FilePath <String>]
 [-FriendlyName <String>] [-IconIndex <Int32>] [-IconPath <String>] [-MsixPackageApplicationId <String>]
 [-MsixPackageFamilyName <String>] [-ShowInPortal] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
```
Update-AzWvdApplication -InputObject <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>
 [-ApplicationType <RemoteApplicationType>] [-CommandLineArgument <String>]
 [-CommandLineSetting <CommandLineSetting>] [-Description <String>] [-FilePath <String>]
 [-FriendlyName <String>] [-IconIndex <Int32>] [-IconPath <String>] [-MsixPackageApplicationId <String>]
 [-MsixPackageFamilyName <String>] [-ShowInPortal] [-Tag <Hashtable>] [-DefaultProfile <PSObject>] [-Confirm]
 [-WhatIf] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Update an application.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Update a Windows Virtual Desktop Application
```powershell
Update-AzWvdApplication -ResourceGroupName ResourceGroupName `
                             -GroupName ApplicationGroupName `
                             -Name ApplicationName `
                             -FilePath 'C:\windows\system32\mspaint.exe' `
                             -FriendlyName 'Friendly name' `
                             -Description 'Description' `
                             -IconIndex 0 `
                             -IconPath 'C:\windows\system32\mspaint.exe' `
                             -CommandLineSetting 'Allow' `
                             -ShowInPortal:$true
```

```output
Name                                 Type
----                                 ----
ApplicationGroupName/ApplicationName Microsoft.DesktopVirtualization/applicationgroups/applications
```

This command updates a Windows Virtual Desktop Application in an applicaton Group.

## PARAMETERS

### -ApplicationType
Resource Type of Application.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Support.RemoteApplicationType
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CommandLineArgument
Command Line Arguments for Application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CommandLineSetting
Specifies whether this published application can be launched with command line arguments provided by the client, command line arguments specified at publish time, or no command line arguments at all.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Support.CommandLineSetting
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.PSObject
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRMContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description
Description of Application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FilePath
Specifies a path for the executable file for the application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FriendlyName
Friendly name of Application.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -GroupName
The name of the application group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: ApplicationGroupName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IconIndex
Index of the icon.

```yaml
Type: System.Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IconPath
Path to icon.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InputObject
Identity Parameter
To construct, see NOTES section for INPUTOBJECT properties and create a hash table.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity
Parameter Sets: UpdateViaIdentityExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MsixPackageApplicationId
Specifies the package application Id for MSIX applications

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MsixPackageFamilyName
Specifies the package family name for MSIX applications

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the application within the specified application group

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases: ApplicationName

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The name of the resource group.
The name is case insensitive.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ShowInPortal
Specifies whether to show the RemoteApp program in the RD Web Access server.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionId
The ID of the target subscription.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: UpdateExpanded
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: (Get-AzContext).Subscription.Id
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
tags to be updated

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.DesktopVirtualization.Models.Api20220901Privatepreview.IApplication

## NOTES

ALIASES

COMPLEX PARAMETER PROPERTIES

To create the parameters described below, construct a hash table containing the appropriate properties. For information on hash tables, run Get-Help about_Hash_Tables.


INPUTOBJECT <IDesktopVirtualizationIdentity>: Identity Parameter
  - `[AppAttachPackageName <String>]`: The name of the App Attach package arm object
  - `[ApplicationGroupName <String>]`: The name of the application group
  - `[ApplicationName <String>]`: The name of the application within the specified application group
  - `[DesktopName <String>]`: The name of the desktop within the specified desktop group
  - `[HostPoolName <String>]`: The name of the host pool within the specified resource group
  - `[Id <String>]`: Resource identity path
  - `[MsixPackageFullName <String>]`: The version specific package full name of the MSIX package within specified hostpool
  - `[PrivateEndpointConnectionName <String>]`: The name of the private endpoint connection associated with the Azure resource
  - `[ResourceGroupName <String>]`: The name of the resource group. The name is case insensitive.
  - `[ScalingPlanName <String>]`: The name of the scaling plan.
  - `[ScalingPlanScheduleName <String>]`: The name of the ScalingPlanSchedule
  - `[SessionHostName <String>]`: The name of the session host within the specified host pool
  - `[SubscriptionId <String>]`: The ID of the target subscription.
  - `[UserSessionId <String>]`: The name of the user session within the specified session host
  - `[WorkspaceName <String>]`: The name of the workspace

## RELATED LINKS
